---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "timing-v1alpha1_ntp_client_list Data Source - timing-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# timing-v1alpha1_ntp_client_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) The NTP client allows for configuring NTP servers and the source of NTP traffic in order for the devices to synchronize their clocks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) NTPClientStatus defines the observed state of NTPClient (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `router` (String) Router used to reach the NTP servers.
- `router_kind` (String) the Kind of the router used to reach the NTP servers.
- `router_selector` (List of String) Selects router resources based on the defined KIND.  Applies to DefaultRouter only. Not supported for Router and ManagementRouter.
- `servers` (Attributes List) A list of NTP servers, each entry in the list can either be an IP address or an FQDN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--servers))
- `source_interface` (String) Specifies a Interface resource to use as a source of NTP traffic. If none is specified the Node default behavior is used.
- `source_interface_kind` (String) Specifies the source interface Kind to use as a source of NTP traffic.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.servers`

Optional:

- `i_burst` (Boolean) Indicates whether this server should enable burst synchronization or not
- `preferred` (Boolean) Indicates whether this server should be preferred or not
- `server` (String) An NTP server can either be an IP address or an FQDN



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the NTPClient
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed
- `nodes` (Attributes List) List of nodes which are not synchronized (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--nodes))
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the NTPClient

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.nodes`

Read-Only:

- `node` (String) Reference to Node object
- `operating_system` (String) Operating System of the Node
- `synchronized` (String) Synchronized state of the Node
